hello this is Professor Albert and
welcome to professor albert celebrity
scoop oh my god I have something very
very exciting today again we are going
to talk about TV's sexiest new shows oh
my god you're going to love this the
show we're going to talk about now is
that very sexy and very wonderful show
on ABC called samantha who Stein
Christina Applegate the very sexy
beautiful blonde who used to be unmad
like with children oh we love her now
this show is very very wonderful it's
all about a woman who was in a car
accident she went into a coma and when
she woke up oh my god she forgot who she
was and she can't remember anything at
all and as it turns out the person she
used to be was not very nice and now it
seems like she was going to go about
trying to be a nice person after being
such a bad person and everyone thinks
she's a bad person and it's a very very
interesting show but what I really like
about it is that on the show they go to
all these very nice sexy New York
parties where they were a very low-cut
dresses and Christina Applegate oh my
god she was wearing this really
beautiful low-cut to us oh my god it was
so sexy I was going out of my mind it
was wonderful oh it's good also on the
show is the very beautiful jennifer
esposito she is that Latin happy oh my
god and she was wearing this to us oh
she was so hot I thought I was oh my god
it was crazy anyway Samantha who is a
very very very wonderful show Christina
Applegate is very wonderful please check
out this show on ABC if you haven't seen
the first episode you can go to abc.com
and watch it the app they do a very nice
job of showing the old shows there it's
very exciting so please go and see
Samantha who the very sexy and wonderful
new show at ABC and I will see you next
time goodbye